EC-84: Revise Cache, Catalog and Checkout sections (#3)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/catalog/catalog_features/generate_pdf.md

# Generate PDF

You can generate a PDF from the product detail page using a tool called `wkhtmltopdf`.
 
!!! note

    For security reasons the PDF for product detail can only display general information
    that would be also visible for anonymous users.

>     As a consequence for example customer price cannot be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    As a consequence some details such as customer price cannot be displayed.
```

    
    This is because `wkhtmltopdf` would need user data to generate user-specific PDFs.

>     The user data would have to be attached to the URL and would be visible for everyone.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The user data would have to be attached to the URL and would be visible to everyone.  
```

!!! note

>     Use at least version 0.12.4 of `wkhtmltopdf`, because earlier versions might have a bug.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Use at least version 0.12.4 of `wkhtmltopdf`, because earlier versions might have bugs.
```
